Adding new indirect selection pages (#4977)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/indirect-selection.md

---
title: "Indirect selection"
id: "indirect-selection"
sidebar: "Indirect selection"
---

> Supply the `--indirect_selection` flag to `dbt test` or `dbt build` to configure which tests will be run for the nodes you specify. You can set this as a CLI flag or an environment variable. In dbt Core, you can also configure user configurations in [YAML selectors](/reference/node-selection/yaml-selectors) or in the `config:` block of `profiles.yml`, which sets default values for all projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `--indirect_selection` flag to `dbt test` or `dbt build` to configure which tests to run for the nodes you specify. You can set this as a CLI flag or an environment variable. In dbt Core, you can also configure user configurations in [YAML selectors](/reference/node-selection/yaml-selectors) or in the `config:` block of `profiles.yml`, which sets default values for all projects.
```

> When all flags are set, CLI configurations take precedence, then environment variables, then user configurations. Read the docs on [global configs](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs) for details.

Reviewer: sugg: for improved scannability/readability 

```suggestion
When all flags are set, the order of precedence are as follows. Refer to [About global configs](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs) for details.

1. CLI configurations
1. Environment variables
1. User configurations
```

> Options are `empty`, `buildable`, `cautious`, and `eager` (default). By default, dbt indirectly selects all tests if they touch any resource you select. Read more about these options in [Indirect selection in Test selection examples](/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples?indirect-selection-mode=empty#indirect-selection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the flag to: `empty`, `buildable`, `cautious`, or `eager` (default). By default, dbt indirectly selects all tests if they touch any resource you select. Learn more about these options in [Indirect selection in Test selection examples](/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples?indirect-selection-mode=empty#indirect-selection).
```

> You can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using a CLI configuration, for example:

Reviewer: sugg: move "for example" to the front

<File name='Usage'>

> ```text

Reviewer: is this example in a file? should it be `shell` instead of `text` ? i might be misunderstanding tho

dbt test --indirect-selection cautious
```

</File>

> You can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using an environment variable, for example:

Reviewer: same sugg

<File name='Env var'>

```text

$ export DBT_INDIRECT_SELECTION=cautious
dbt run

```

</File>

> You can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using `profiles.yml` user configurations, for example:

Reviewer: same sugg

---
title: "Indirect selection"
id: "indirect-selection"
sidebar: "Indirect selection"
---

Supply the `--indirect_selection` flag to `dbt test` or `dbt build` to configure which tests will be run for the nodes you specify. You can set this as a CLI flag or an environment variable. In dbt Core, you can also configure user configurations in [YAML selectors](/reference/node-selection/yaml-selectors) or in the `config:` block of `profiles.yml`, which sets default values for all projects.

When all flags are set, CLI configurations take precedence, then environment variables, then user configurations. Read the docs on [global configs](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs) for details.

Options are `empty`, `buildable`, `cautious`, and `eager` (default). By default, dbt indirectly selects all tests if they touch any resource you select. Read more about these options in [Indirect selection in Test selection examples](/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples?indirect-selection-mode=empty#indirect-selection).

> For example, you can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using a CLI configuration:

Author: ```suggestion
You can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using a CLI configuration, for example:
```

<File name='Usage'>

```text
dbt test --indirect-selection cautious
```

</File>

> For example, you can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using an environment variable example:

Author: ```suggestion
You can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using an environment variable, for example:
```

<File name='Env var'>

```text

$ export DBT_INDIRECT_SELECTION=cautious
dbt run

```

</File>

> For example, you can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using `profiles.yml` user configurations:

Author: ```suggestion
You can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using `profiles.yml` user configurations, for example:
```

> dbt Core users can configure 

Author: ```suggestion
```

---
title: "Indirect selection"
id: "indirect-selection"
sidebar: "Indirect selection"
---

> Use the `--indirect_selection` flag to `dbt test` or `dbt build` to configure which tests to run for the nodes you specify. You can set this as a CLI flag or an environment variable. In dbt Core, you can also configure user configurations in [YAML selectors](/reference/node-selection/yaml-selectors) or in the `config:` block of `profiles.yml`, which sets default values for all projects.

Reviewer 2: I _think_ is moving to `dbt_project.yml` within https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/4814

So we'll want to update to `dbt_project.yml` (after confirming that it actually works, of course).

> Use the `--indirect_selection` flag to `dbt test` or `dbt build` to configure which tests to run for the nodes you specify. You can set this as a CLI flag or an environment variable. In dbt Core, you can also configure user configurations in [YAML selectors](/reference/node-selection/yaml-selectors) or in the `config:` block of `profiles.yml`, which sets default values for all projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `--indirect_selection` flag to `dbt test` or `dbt build` to configure which tests to run for the nodes you specify. You can set this as a CLI flag or an environment variable. In dbt Core, you can also configure user configurations in [YAML selectors](/reference/node-selection/yaml-selectors) or in the `flags:` block of `dbt_project.yml`, which sets project-level flags.
```

> When all flags are set, the order of precedence are as follows. Refer to [About global configs](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs) for details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When all flags are set, the order of precedence is as follows. Refer to [About global configs](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs) for more details:
```

1. CLI configurations
1. Environment variables
1. User configurations

You can set the flag to: `empty`, `buildable`, `cautious`, or `eager` (default). By default, dbt indirectly selects all tests if they touch any resource you select. Learn more about these options in [Indirect selection in Test selection examples](/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples?indirect-selection-mode=empty#indirect-selection).

> You can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using a CLI configuration, for example:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, you can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using a CLI configuration:
```

<File name='Usage'>

> ```text

Author: ```suggestion
```shell
```

dbt test --indirect-selection cautious
```

</File>

> You can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using an environment variable, for example:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, you can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using an environment variable
```

> For example, you can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using an environment variable

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Or you can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using an environment variable:
```

<File name='Env var'>

```text

$ export DBT_INDIRECT_SELECTION=cautious
dbt run

```

</File>

> You can also run tests that only refer to selected nodes using `profiles.yml` user configurations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also run tests that only refer to selected nodes using `dbt_project.yml` project-level flags:
```

> You can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using `profiles.yml` user configurations, for example:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, you can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using `profiles.yml` user configurations:
```

> For example, you can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using `profiles.yml` user configurations:

Reviewer 3: Each of these sections starts with "For example" and it feels a little strange to read out loud. Maybe we can vary it a bit?
```suggestion
You can also run tests that only refer to selected nodes using `profiles.yml` user configurations:
```

> For example, you can run tests that only refer to selected nodes using `profiles.yml` user configurations:

Reviewer 2: I _think_ is moving to `dbt_project.yml` within https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/4814

So we'll want to update to `dbt_project.yml` (after confirming that it actually works, of course).

> <File name='profiles.yml'>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<File name='dbt_project.yml'>
```

```yaml

> config:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
flags:
```
